CKCMAI.C:
	Call to hack_vms_open_console (see CKVTIO).

CKCFNS.C:
	Removed a ZRTOL-related debugging call, since debugging statements
	were added to ZLTOR and ZRTOL (in CKVFIO) themselves.

CKUCON.C:
	Made source lines for 'hlpmsg' more consistent, alphabetized the
	entries, and added a H(angup) entry as somebody had apparently done
	for CKVCON.

	Appended a space to the "Command>" prompt.

	Added the code to support the H(angup) option.

CKUDIA.C:
	Merged in Joe Orost's support for US Robotics 212A modem, which
	included making 'dmode_prompt' and 'wake_prompt' be strings rather
	than single characters, and correspondingly updating 'waitFor'.

	More explicit specification of DF03 as "DF03-AC".  The "-AA" is
	not an autodial modem.

	Changes to DF100 and DF200 dial strings and comments to allow
	use of the modem's memory to store and dial numbers.

	Modularization of some of the failure paths to hopefully provide
	consistent failure handling, as well as reduced code size.

	Added the ability to interrupt the dialing.

	Changed the call to 'ttopen' to pass the address of 'local'
	rather than it's value.

	Close the line rather than hang it up on failures, since this
	might get around some unnecessary problems caused by trying
	to re-open it.  It is believed that every function that "needs"
	the line does an explicit call to 'ttopen' anyway.

	Declare handlers AFTER establishing "jump vector" for them.

	Change success message to "Call competed" and beep the bell,
	if quiet is not enabled.

CKUSCR.C:
	Changed static 'timeInt' handler to global 'scrtime', to avoid
	possible problems with VENIX code mapping (see CKUKER.BWR below).

CKUTIO.C:
	Treat hangup of a closed line as success rather than failure.

CKUUS2.C:
	Replaced TAB character in help entries for '-q' and '-d' options
	with spaces.

CKUUSR.C:
	Created a 'doconnect' function, to be called by the CONNECT
	and DIAL commands.

	Appended a space to the default "C-Kermit>" prompt.

	DIAL now automatically invokes CONNECT if dialing is successful.

	Modified modem-type display code to avoid some redundant testing.

CKVCON.C:
	Made source lines for 'hlpmsg' more consistent, alphabetized the
	entries, and removed explicit occurrences of \r\n (see CKVTIO).

	Appended a space to the "Command>" prompt.

CKVFIO.C:
	Modified ZLTOR to strip the version number and include debug info.

	Modified ZRTOL to preserved the version number and include debug info.

CKVKER.COM:
	Automatically determine C Run-Time library to use.

	Save and restore command-file verification.

	Exit on errors.

	Display additional "progress" information.

	Avoid use of LNK$LIBRARY in case user had it defined.

	Use CCMAKE to check/compile CKCPRO and CKWART.

	Allow external definition of C-Compiler options.

	Make the DCL somewhat more efficient.

CKVMAK.COM:
	Save and restore command-file verification.

	Exit on errors.

	Determine output file specification more efficiently with F$PARSE.

CKVTIO.C:
	Treat hangup of a closed line as success rather than failure.

	Modified 'conola' to removed any trailing \r and/or \n from each
	line and for an explicit \r\n.

	'hack_vms_open_console' added to allow display of command-line help.

---------------------------------------------------------------------------
The following changes were NOT made, but it is suggested that somebody do so.

CKUFIO.C:
	You should probably add debugging statements to ZLTOR and ZRTOL in
	CKUFIO as was done in CKVFIO.

CKUTIO.C:
	It would be "friendlier" if the lock-checking code asked you if
	you wanted to remove the file, and then did so if desired, rather
	than telling you what command to use to do it.

	Make a change to 'conola' as was done for CKVTIO if it won't
	break anything, and then modify the corresponding arrays.

CKUKER.BWR:
	When modifying or writing KERMIT code, do NOT pass a routine
	(e.g., "signal") the address of a static function.  Doing so may
	break VENIX code mapping.  If you must pass the address of the
	routine, make it global and pick a "non-generic" name for it that
	will hopefully be unique and yet informative.

	Change some of the function names in CKxTIO to use the name
	"string" when a new-line is not implied, and "line" when it is.
	Current usage of the word "line" is sometimes misleading.

	A control-S typed at the keyboard doesn't always seem to "take"
	when doing terminal emulation under PRO/VENIX V2.  Perhaps other
	systems as well?

	PRO/VENIX V2 (and some other systems) are having DTR-dropping problems.
	With PRO/VENIX V2, a workaround is to get the system to ignore the
	modem control signals and treat the line as a direct line by issuing a
	"setline -d xxx" command, where "xxx" is the device node (e.g., com1).	

	KERMIT under PRO/VENIX V2 (and probably other systems) doesn't find
	long (?) file names (e.g., ckvker.com.dif, ckvmak.com.dif) when doing
	a "send *.dif", even with file names set to literal locally.  A
	"dir *.com.dif" shows them there, and they can be sent individually.

	The VMS C-Kermit, unlike the BLISS-KERMIT, is NOT interruptable,
	either with ^C or ^Y.  The latter can be interrupted by two (?) ^Ys.

	The "REMOTE xxx" commands to VMS C-KERMIT do not appear to work, nor
	does "! xxx" locally from VMS C-Kermit.  A problem with the "system"
	call or subprocess spawning is suspected.

	VMS C-KERMIT is less efficient than BLISS-KERMIT, and may require the
	use of lower baud rates or shorter send packets when sending TO it.

	KERMIT under PRO/VENIX V2 on the PRO 350 is (not suprisingly) less
	responsive than on the PRO 380, and may necessitate the use of lower
	baud rates or shorter packets.

	If using LAT (Local Area Transport) terminal connections, you may need
	to use a lower baud rate or shorter send packets when transferring
	from your "terminal" to the host.  Some LAT software doesn't expect
	"fast typing" from the terminal direction.

	VMS VAX-C V2 allows DEFINEs by a command line qualifer, and CKVKER.COM
	makes use of this to include debugging and transaction logging code if
	it believes that VAX-C V2 is being used.  VAX-C V1 had no such feature.
	If you want the DEBUG and TLOG symbols defined for use with VAX-C V1,
	modify the CKCDEB.H file.
