



     For  your  convenience,  and  also   to   facilitate   support-related
     activities, a copy of KERMIT is included in this distribution.  KERMIT
     is  a  terminal  emulator  and  file  transfer  program,  capable   of
     transferring  text  and binary files with error checking and recovery.
     KERMIT was developed at the Columbia University Center  for  Computing
     Activities, and carries the following copyright notice:

          Copyright (c) 1985, Trustees of Columbia University  in  the
          City  of  New York.  Permission is granted to any individual
          or institution to use, copy, or redistribute  this  software
          so  long  as  it  is  not  sold  for  profit,  provided this
          copyright notice is retained.

     Note that no support  of  KERMIT  is  provided  by  Digital  Equipment
     Corporation.   Also note that this is a preliminary version of KERMIT,
     that changes are still being made to it, and that  you  may  encounter
     some  problems  with  it.   You  may write to the following address to
     inquire about obtaining an up-to-date collection of Kermit programs:

          Kermit Distribution
          Columbia University Center for Computing Activities
          612 West 115th Street
          New York, New York   10025

     The KERMIT distribution you are receiving includes two diskettes, both
     in   tar(1)   format.    The  first  one,  labelled  "KERMIT  4C(053)+
     diskette #1", contains sources and related files for building C-Kermit
     on  a  UNIX  or  UNIX-like  system.   The second one, labelled "KERMIT
     4C(053)+ diskette #2", contains an executable  KERMIT  image  for  use
     with  PRO/VENIX V2.0, some documentation on using and building KERMIT,
     and also additional sources and related files  for  building  C-Kermit
     for VMS.

     For information on using and  building  KERMIT,  change  your  default
     directory  if desired using cd(1), insert the second diskette in drive
     zero, and issue the following command:

             tar xvf /dev/f0 ckaaaa.hlp

     Then use more(1), lp(1), or some other utility, to read the ckaaaa.hlp
     file that you just extracted from the diskette.

     To extract the executable KERMIT for use with PRO/VENIX V2.0 from  the
     kit,  insert the second diskette in drive zero and issue the following
     command:

             (cd /usr/bin; tar xvf /dev/f0 kermit)

     This will place the executable file in the /usr/bin  directory,  which
     is  normally  included  in  the  search  list  specified  by  the PATH
     variable.  The file can be used on both the Professional 380  and  the
     Professional 350.

                                                                     Page 2


     If you wish to use KERMIT to do file transfers, you will need to get a
     version  of  KERMIT  running  on the host as well.  The easiest way is
     probably to get a magnetic tape from  Columbia,  or  possibly  from  a
     users'  group or from a network (e.g., USENET).  You can also send the
     C sources, assuming they are appropriate, from  your  Professional  to
     the  host.   Send  them  to  the host using cu(1), which does no error
     checking.  Then either send them again (while  maintaining  the  first
     set)  and  compare  the  second set with the first set and correct any
     problems, or use the sum(1) command (if available) on  the  local  and
     remote copies to see if any of the files need to be resent.  Once this
     bootstrapping procedure is completed, you can then use KERMIT  to  get
     updated  sources  or  binaries  of itself from your Professional, from
     dial-in networks, etc.

     In addition to information in the KERMIT files  included  in  the  kit
     (e.g.,   ckaaaa.hlp,   ckuker.bwr,  DECnotes),  you  should  note  the
     following when using KERMIT with PRO/VENIX V2.0:

           o  When using KERMIT to do terminal emulation, type Control-S to
              "freeze" the display and Control-Q to restore it, rather than
              using the HOLD SCREEN key.

           o  To build a version of  KERMIT  that  will  run  on  both  the
              Professional  380  and  the Professional 350, extract all the
              files from the first diskette, rename ckuker.mak to makefile,
              and  issue a "make sys3nid" command.  make(1) will produce an
              executable file named  "wermit",  which  you  can  rename  to
              /usr/bin/kermit after testing it.

           o  If  using  a  Professional  380,  you  may  instead  issue  a
              "make sys3"  command  to  produce  a  version  of KERMIT with
              slightly  better  performance,  and  also  one  that  can  be
              debugged  using  adb(1).  KERMIT cannot easily be debugged on
              the  Professional  350  because  adb  cannot  be  used   with
              code-mapped programs.

           o  The C optimizer will issue a warning  about  running  out  of
              space when compiling ckuus2.c.  Do not be concerned.

           o  The linker, ld(1), will issue a warning about switching to  a
              -m  option  when  "wermit"  is  linked using a "make sys3nid"
              command.  Again, do not be concerned.


     In addition to information in the KERMIT files included in the kit you
     should note the following when using KERMIT with VMS:

           o  Contrary  to  the  file-naming   conventions   mentioned   in
              CKAAAA.HLP,  VMS  C-KERMIT  is built using some of the "UNIX"
              files as well as the VMS-specific ones.

                                                                     Page 3


           o  If you have problems running CKWART, try  compiling  CKWART.C
              without optimization.  Alternatively, you can omit the use of
              CKWART and use the CKCPRO.C file that is included in the kit.

           o  VMS C-KERMIT appears not to be interruptable.  You will  have
              to send it a FINISH command from a local KERMIT, or abort the
              VMS process from another terminal line.

           o  There is also a BLISS-32  (and  hence  MACRO-32)  version  of
              KERMIT  for  VMS.  It has been around a while and is somewhat
              faster and more stable than the C version.  Contact  Columbia
              University if you want a copy of it.


     Digital has recently made some changes to the  KERMIT  files  and  has
     sent  those  changes  to  Columbia  University.  This kit includes the
     changed versions, which have not yet  been  "officially"  accepted  by
     Columbia.   The  DECnotes  file  on  the second diskette contains some
     information that was sent to Columbia about the changes  that  Digital
     has made, and also includes some problem reports, suggestions, etc.

     KERMIT now supports Digital's DF03-AC, DF100 series, and DF200  series
     modems.   You may redial the last number dialed on the DF100 and DF200
     modems by simply issuing the DIAL command without any arguments.   You
     can  also  store dialing strings in the modem's memory and invoke them
     from KERMIT (e.g., DIAL $WORK, DIAL B).



     UNIX is a trademark of AT&T.
     VENIX is a trademark of VenturCom, Inc.
